README.md, before:

# StructGPT: A general framework for Large Language Model to Reason on Structured Data

This repo provides the source code & data of our paper: [StructGPT: A General Framework for Large Language Model to Reason on Structured Data](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2305.09645.pdf) (Arxiv 2023).

```
@InProceedings{jiang-safe-2022,
  author =  {Jinhao Jiang, Kun Zhou, Zican Dong, Keming Ye, Wayne Xin Zhao and Ji-Rong Wen},
  title =   {StructGPT: A general framework for Large Language Model to Reason on Structured Data},
  year =    {2023},  
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2305.09645},
  url={https://arxiv.org/pdf/2305.09645}
}
```


<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/model.png" width="750" title="Overview of StructGPT" alt="">
</p>


## Usage
### 0. Requirements
You only need to install the python library and openai for querying OpenAI model API.

### 1. Prepare Dataset
We strongly suggest that download the processed datasets from [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11_2pqU_MhEtmxpp3zfK_8EJ1bbQzsnfJ?usp=sharing) and then directly use them.
Apart from downloading from their original website, we use the processed datasets from [UnifiedSKG](https://github.com/HKUNLP/UnifiedSKG).
After downloading our processed data, you can unzip them and put them in the */data* directory.

### 3. Experiment
We have organized the running and evaluation scripts for each dataset under the */script* directory.

#### 3.1 Evaluation on Text-to-SQL
It is difficult to control the **randomness** of ChatGPT, so the reproduced results maybe a little different to the reported results.

For **Spider** dataset, you can directly use the following command to start running and output the evaluation results:
```bash
bash ./scripts/run_spider_wo_icl_v1.sh
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/spider_wo_icl_v1.png" width="750" title="EX Result of Spider" alt="">
</p>

Similarly, you can run the corresponding script for **Spider-SYN** and **Spider-Realistic** to get the evaluation results.

**Spider_Realistic**
<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/spider_rea_wo_icl_v1.png" width="750" title="EX Result of Spider_Realistic" alt="">
</p>

**Spider-SYN**
<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/spider_syn_wo_icl_v1.png" width="750" title="EX Result of Spider_SYN" alt="">
</p>
We save all the prediction file in *outputs/* directory.

#### 3.2 Evaluation on TableQA
It is difficult to control the **randomness** of ChatGPT, so the reproduced results maybe a little different to the reported results.

For **TabFact** dataset, you can directly use the following command to start running and output the evaluation results:
```bash
bash ./scripts/run_tabfact_wo_icl_v1.sh
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/tabfact_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of tabfact" alt="">
</p>

Similarly, you can run the corresponding script for **WTQ** and **WikiSQL** to get the evaluation results.

**WTQ**
<p align="center">
  <img src="asset/wikisql_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of WTQ" alt="">
</p>

**WikiSQL**
<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/wikisql_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of WikiSQL" alt="">
</p>
We save all the prediction file in *outputs/* directory.

## Plan
**Note:**
Thanks for your attention. We currently update code for DB-based Text-to-SQL and Table-based QA.
Code for KGQA will be coming tomorrow!

Besides, a version with better performance is on the way. Please continue to follow us!

Commit message:

update tableqa results output and data update kgqa

README.md, after:

# StructGPT: A general framework for Large Language Model to Reason on Structured Data

This repo provides the source code & data of our paper: [StructGPT: A General Framework for Large Language Model to Reason on Structured Data](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2305.09645.pdf) (Arxiv 2023).

```
@InProceedings{jiang-safe-2022,
  author =  {Jinhao Jiang, Kun Zhou, Zican Dong, Keming Ye, Wayne Xin Zhao and Ji-Rong Wen},
  title =   {StructGPT: A general framework for Large Language Model to Reason on Structured Data},
  year =    {2023},  
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2305.09645},
  url={https://arxiv.org/pdf/2305.09645}
}
```


<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/model.png" width="750" title="Overview of StructGPT" alt="">
</p>


## Usage
### 0. Requirements
You only need to install the python library and openai for querying OpenAI model API.

### 1. Prepare Dataset
We strongly suggest that download the processed datasets from [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11_2pqU_MhEtmxpp3zfK_8EJ1bbQzsnfJ?usp=sharing) and then directly use them.
Apart from downloading from their original website, we use the processed datasets from [UnifiedSKG](https://github.com/HKUNLP/UnifiedSKG).
After downloading our processed data, you can unzip them and put them in the */data* directory.

### 3. Experiment
We have organized the running and evaluation scripts for each dataset under the */script* directory.

#### 3.1 Evaluation on Text-to-SQL
It is difficult to control the **randomness** of ChatGPT, so the reproduced results maybe a little different to the reported results.

For **Spider** dataset, you can directly use the following command to start running and output the evaluation results:
```bash
bash ./scripts/run_spider_wo_icl_v1.sh
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/spider_wo_icl_v1.png" width="750" title="EX Result of Spider" alt="">
</p>

Similarly, you can run the corresponding script for **Spider-SYN** and **Spider-Realistic** to get the evaluation results.

**Spider_Realistic**
<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/spider_rea_wo_icl_v1.png" width="750" title="EX Result of Spider_Realistic" alt="">
</p>

**Spider-SYN**
<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/spider_syn_wo_icl_v1.png" width="750" title="EX Result of Spider_SYN" alt="">
</p>
We save all the prediction file in *outputs/* directory.

#### 3.2 Evaluation on TableQA
It is difficult to control the **randomness** of ChatGPT, so the reproduced results maybe a little different to the reported results.

For **TabFact** dataset, you can directly use the following command to start running and output the evaluation results:
```bash
bash ./scripts/run_tabfact_wo_icl_v1.sh
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/tabfact_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of tabfact" alt="">
</p>

Similarly, you can run the corresponding script for **WTQ** and **WikiSQL** to get the evaluation results.

**WTQ**
<p align="center">
  <img src="asset/wikisql_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of WTQ" alt="">
</p>

**WikiSQL**
<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/wikisql_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of WikiSQL" alt="">
</p>
We save all the prediction file in *outputs/* directory.

#### 3.3 Evaluation on KGQA
It is difficult to control the **randomness** of ChatGPT, so the reproduced results maybe a little different to the reported results.

For **WebQSP** dataset, you can directly use the following command to start running and output the evaluation results:
```bash
bash ./scripts/run_webqsp_wo_icl_v1.sh
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="./asset/webqsp_wo_icl_v1.png" width="550" title="EX Result of webqsp" alt="">
</p>

Similarly, you can run the corresponding script for **MetaQA (1hop,2hop,3hop)** to get the evaluation results.

We save all the prediction file in *outputs/* directory.

## Plan
Thanks for your attention.
A version with better performance is on the way.
Please continue to follow us!
